Add Examples from Docs to  README (#72)
CommunityToolkit/Maui.Markup: README.md

}
```

## Examples

Here are some brief examples showing how common tasks can be achieved through the use of the Markup package.

### Bindings

First let's take a look at how a Binding could be defined without the Markup package:

```csharp
var entry = new Entry();
entry.SetBinding(Entry.TextProperty, new Binding(nameof(ViewModel.RegistrationCode));
```

Markup allows us to define the binding fluently and therefore chain multiple methods together to reduce the verbosity of our code:

```csharp
new Entry().Bind(Entry.TextProperty, nameof(ViewModel.RegistrationCode))
```

> For further details on the possible options for the `Bind` method refer to the [`BindableObject` extensions documentation](extensions/bindable-object-extensions.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further details on the possible options for the `Bind` method refer to the [`BindableObject` extensions documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/communitytoolkit/maui/markup/extensions/bindable-object-extensions).
```

Reviewer: Just fixing the link to the docs site

### Sizing

First let's take a look at how an `Entry` could be sized without the Markup package:

```csharp
var entry = new Entry();
entry.WidthRequest = 200;
entry.HeightRequest = 40;
```

Markup allows us to define the sizing fluently and therefore chain multiple methods together to reduce the verbosity of our code:

```csharp
new Entry().Size(200, 40);
```

> For further details on the possible options for the `Size` method refer to the [`VisualElement` extensions documentation](extensions/visual-element-extensions.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further details on the possible options for the `Size` method refer to the [`VisualElement` extensions documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/communitytoolkit/maui/markup/extensions/visual-element-extensions).
```

Reviewer: Just fixing the link to the docs site
